Now in the implementation,
let us create a function rmDuplicates and we pass
the array arr and its size n into this function
if the size is zero the array is empty.
And if the size is one, then there is only
one element.
So there is no duplicate.
So in these two cases, just return it. So write
if n equal to zero or n equal to one
then return n. Otherwise we need to iterate
the  array and compare adjacent elements. So declare length and initialise it to zero
and also declare iterating variable i.
Now use a for loop for i equal to zero
i less than n-1
i++ and in each iteration, compare elements at
indices i and i+1
So write if arr[i] not equal to arr[i+1]
then place it in index len and
increment length. So write arr[len++] equal
to arr[i]. Do the same process for all
the remaining pairs.
3,3   3,5 and   5,5. Finally place the last element
in the array. So write arr[len++] equal
to arr[n-1]
So it is done so we can return len which is the new length of the array.